> I mean, it is, you understand where that dream comes from culturally, right? We, we've always been, so this comes back to Descartes a bit. He split the mind from the body and him and many other thinkers who came after him that they made very clear that the body was sort of our more animalistic nature.
> 
> And it's associated with emotion and it's associated with nature. Whereas. The brain is associated with reason and culture and higher thinking. And we think the body is bad and the brain is good. And we would vary it, and we constantly trying to like control our bodies with like our reason. So there's a clear hierarchy intention to them. In a ways, the internet is sort of like this taken to an extreme where we're all trying to live in the cloud and deny our physicality.
> 
> Which is problematic because the research that Lakoff and Johnson ended up working on for like the next 20 to 30 years, after they had originally done _Metaphors We Live By_ was very much about how reason is embodied. So, you know, they had started on this train of thought, but they had started working with more neuroscientists and really, you know, got into how metaphors are embedded in neurons in your brain. It's very physical.
> 
> And they found out so much of the way that we reason and think about the world in what we would consider our logical way is spatial. And it's completely linked to our bodies and our emotions. And there is no, you know, there is no separation of mind and body is like the punchline.

Nguồn:: [[Maggie Appleton]], [MA 12: Maggie Appleton on Embodiment Through Metaphors - Maintainers Anonymous](https://maintainersanonymous.com/metaphor/#t=17:10)